bluetooth: fast_pair: Use per-connection authentication cbs (#8466)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/fast_pair.rst

Bluetooth authentication
========================

> The Fast Pair service uses :c:func:`bt_conn_auth_cb_overlay` to overlay set of Zephyr's Bluetooth authentication callbacks (:c:struct:`bt_conn_auth_cb`) used for a connection if the connected Bluetooth Central uses Fast Pair pairing flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zephyr's Bluetooth authentication callbacks (:c:struct:`bt_conn_auth_cb`) are used for a connection if the connected Bluetooth Central uses Fast Pair pairing flow.
Fast Pair service uses :c:func:`bt_conn_auth_cb_overlay` to overlay a set of Zephyr's Bluetooth authentication callbacks (:c:struct:`bt_conn_auth_cb`).
```

Author: That's only partially true. Let me rephrase the complex sentence in another way.

Author: I wonder if changelog entry is necessary here. Fast Pair is still in experimental state. This change does not affect library API too (the underlying implementation has changed, but the code still performs the same task).

Bluetooth authentication
========================

The Bluetooth pairing is handled using a set of Bluetooth authentication callbacks (:c:struct:`bt_conn_auth_cb`).
The pairing flow and the set of Bluetooth authentication callbacks in use depend on the connected peer:

* If the connected peer follows the Fast Pair pairing flow, the Fast Pair service calls :c:func:`bt_conn_auth_cb_overlay` to automatically overlay the Bluetooth authentication callbacks.

>   The function is called while handling the Key-Based Pairing request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The function is called while handling the Key-based Pairing request.
```
Reference: https://developers.google.com/nearby/fast-pair/specifications/service/gatt docs

>   Overlying callbacks allows the GFPS to take over Bluetooth authentication during `Fast Pair Procedure`_ and perform all of the required operations without interacting with the application.

Author: Are you sure that we should omit `s` in `allows`? `Overlying` is `it` (3-rd person), so shouldn't the `s` be here?

>   Overlying callbacks allows the GFPS to take over Bluetooth authentication during `Fast Pair Procedure`_ and perform all of the required operations without interacting with the application.

Reviewer: Here we are talking about more than one Overlying callback (plural). Hence, it would be "allow" rather than "allows."

>   Overlying callbacks allows the GFPS to take over Bluetooth authentication during `Fast Pair Procedure`_ and perform all of the required operations without interacting with the application.

Author: Ok, I initially misunderstood you. Applied

> * Otherwise, if the connected peer does not follow the Fast Pair pairing flow, normal Bluetooth LE pairing and global Bluetooth authentication callbacks are used.

Reviewer: I think we could remove the bullets (*) and have a paragraph break after line 116.

Author: Changed

Reviewer 2: I think a compromise could be having the following introductory sentence:
```
The pairing flow and the set of Bluetooth authentication callbacks in use depend on the connected peer and whether it follows the Fast Pair pairing flow:
```
And then the bullets introduced in similar fashion:
```
* If it follows the pairing flow, [...]
* If it does not follow the pairing flow, [...]
```
Personally, I always prefer bullets in similar situations, as they clearly show that some things are related to each other, while paragraphs might be about different topics. BUT two separate paragraphs would still be acceptable here. So it all depends on the phrasing and context.

Bluetooth authentication
========================

The Bluetooth pairing is handled using a set of Bluetooth authentication callbacks (:c:struct:`bt_conn_auth_cb`).

> The pairing flow and the used set of Bluetooth authentication callbacks depends on connected peer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The pairing flow and the set of Bluetooth authentication callbacks in use depend on the connected peer:
```

> * If the conneted peer follows Fast Pair pairing flow, Fast Pair service calls :c:func:`bt_conn_auth_cb_overlay` to automatically overlay the Bluetooth authentication callbacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the connected peer follows the Fast Pair pairing flow, the Fast Pair service calls :c:func:`bt_conn_auth_cb_overlay` to automatically overlay the Bluetooth authentication callbacks.
```

>   The function is called while handling Key-Based Pairing request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The function is called while handling the Key-Based Pairing request.
```

  Overlying callbacks allows the GFPS to take over Bluetooth authentication during `Fast Pair Procedure`_ and perform all of the required operations without interacting with the application.

> * Otherwise normal Bluetooth LE pairing and global Bluetooth authentication callbacks are used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Otherwise, if the connected peer does not follow the Fast Pair pairing flow, normal Bluetooth LE pairing and global Bluetooth authentication callbacks are used.
```

>   This pairing flow is used, for example, if the connected peer does not support Fast Pair.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This pairing flow is also used if the connected peer does not support Fast Pair.
```

Author: I will rephrase this one a bit. `also` is a bit misleading here, since the peer which does not support Fast Pair does not follow Fast Pair pairing flow too.

Author: Removed this sentence, I think it's not needed and it could cause some confusion
